---
layout: default
title: Violette Vesper
description: a Chrome extension for the Vesper.
---

## Violette, {{page.description}}


**Violette** is intended to extend the Chrome Web browser with source code curation capabilities. 
It is one the main companions of the **Vesper** library. This tool allows code foragers to curate 
Java code snippets found on Stackoverflow.   
      
To evaluate **Violette**, I have put together the following **experiment**:        
 
You, the subject, will be asked to pick, from a list of *randomly selected* code snippets generated by this site, 
at least two code snippets to curate. Then, after curating the code snippets, you will be asked to complete a survey.

Today's theme is *Sorting algorithms*. That is, for today's experiment this site will download the top answers  
from [Stackoverflow](http://www.stackoverflow.com) for the tags "java" and "sort". Then, it will randomly 
select 5 top answers from the list of valid answers. These 5 answers are the source code curation candidates.
  
 
## Before starting the task (Pressing the START button)
 
1. Make sure you have Google Chrome installed on your computer.   
2. Download [Violette](https://www.dropbox.com/s/dpse9g1nojt4e73/vesper-web.crx).  
3. Install it on Google Chrome.
  

## The Task 

Your task is to **curate**—correct, improve, and extend—at least two code snippets from the 5 answer 
list. Your goal is to try to make the found code snippets as reusable and complete as possible.  

If you meet the above prerequisites, then press the **START** button to get your first batch of 
code snippets to curate. 

<div class="sorter">
    <button id="sort">START</button>
</div>

<div id="columns">
    <div id="left-col">
        <h4><strong>Searching for candidates</strong></h4>
        <div id="logger"></div>
        <div id="stopper" class="hide">
           Had enough? <a href="#" id="stop">Stop it!</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div id="right-col">
    <h4><strong>Found candidates</strong></h4>
    <div id="displayer"></div>
</div>
<div id="clear"></div>


Thank you for trying the Vesper system. Now, we need your feedback. Please take a few minutes 
to complete our [survey](http://goo.gl/vzqmzG).


## Additional information

All the curated code snippets will be available, as tweets, on Twitter. If you want to see them, 
please follow [@codedetour](https://twitter.com/codedetour). 