---
layout: default
title: The Vesper
description: a source code curation system.
---

The Vesper, {{page.description}}

In my ongoing quest for knowledge about the role of source curation in search-driven development, 
I have developed a tool, named **Vesper**, that allows code foragers to cope with the key challenges 
experienced when searching for suitable code snippets on the Web. Some of these challenges include 
cryptic, poorly structured, and incomplete code snippets. The Vesper allows them to cope with these 
challenges while inside the Web browser. 
  
**Hypothesis:** Enhancing search interfaces (e.g., Web browser) with source code curation tools can 
(1) motivate code foragers to cope with the key challenges upfront, and (2) to gain confidence in 
the found code, in terms of completeness, fitness of purpose, documentation, proper abstractions, etc., 
that goes through curation process.
    
To test the above hypothesis, I have put together the following **experiment**:        
 
You, the subject, will be asked to pick, from a list of *randomly selected* code snippets generated by this site, 
at least two code snippets to curate. Then, after curating the code snippets, you will be asked to complete a survey.

Today's theme is *Sorting algorithms*. That is, for today's experiment this site will download the top answers  
from [Stackoverflow](http://www.stackoverflow.com) for the tags "java" and "sort". Then, it will randomly 
select 5 top answers from the list of valid answers. These 5 answers are the source code curation candidates.
  
 
## Before starting the task (Pressing the START button)
 
1. Make sure you have Google Chrome installed on your computer.   
1. Download [Violette](https://www.dropbox.com/s/dpse9g1nojt4e73/vesper-web.crx).  
2. Install it on Google Chrome.   

## The Task 

Your task is to **curate**—correct, improve, and extend—at least two code snippets from the 5 answer list. 

If you meet the above prerequisites, then press the **START** button to get your first batch of 
code snippets to curate. 

<div class="sorter">
    <button id="sort">START</button>
</div>

<div id="columns">
    <div id="left-col">
        <h4><strong>Searching for candidates</strong></h4>
        <div id="logger"></div>
        <div id="stopper" class="hide">
           Had enough? <a href="#" id="stop">Stop it!</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
<div id="right-col">
    <h4><strong>Found candidates</strong></h4>
    <div id="displayer"></div>
</div>
<div id="clear"></div>


Thank you for trying the Vesper system. Now, we need your feedback. Please take a few minutes 
to complete our [survey](http://goo.gl/vzqmzG).

