---
layout: default
title: Evaluating StackOverflow Answers
hidden: true
description: Evaluating StackOverflow Code examples.
---

To evaluate how people evaluate code examples on StackOverflow, I have put together the following
**experiment**. Please follow all of the instructions below:


# PREREQS

Make sure you have

1. Google Chrome latest version installed on your computer.
2. Uninstalled any previously installed Violette from Chrome.
3. Installed <a href="https://www.dropbox.com/s/pwgsp7tzf1tc2v2/violette-review.crx?dl=0" target="_blank">Violette-review-mode</a> on Chrome[^1].


# THE TASK

1. You, the subject, must click on a linked code example below.
This link will take you to a page containing a StackOverflow's accepted answer.
This answer contains some Java code.

2. Once you are on that page, your goal is to review and understand the Java
code example.

    If the links takes you to an answer without any Java code, feel free to
    comeback to experiment page and then refresh it. This action will give you
    a new linked code example.

    Please record on a piece of paper those examples that did not have any Java
    code inside. Please submit this information as part of a survey you will
    completing after finishing the experiment.  

3. After you've finished reviewing and understanding the code example, please
click on the _Bring it to Destop_ button and the provide a description of the
goal behind this code example and the reason for using it. Including, fitness of
purpose, abstractions, usage protocols, etc.

    If you've previously received a key or username from me,
    then include it in the description of the code example;
    e.g., username: the code does ....  

4. Lastly, bringing the code example to your desktop, please comeback this page
and then complete the following [survey](http://goo.gl/vzqmzG).

# TASK EXPECTATIONS

We expect the following throughout the task:

**1.** We expect you to review and understand a total of **10** Java code examples
generated by this page.  

**2.** We expect the whole task be done within **1 hr and 30 minutes**.

**3.** We expect the subjects to use only the resources available on the
question-answer page to complete the task; i.e., no external resources like
Wikipedia.


# LET'S GET STARTED

So without further ado, please click on the link below to start the task:

<div id="example">
</div>


Thank you for participating in this experiment. Now, we need your feedback. Please
take a few minutes to complete our [survey](http://goo.gl/vzqmzG).


<script>
  function shuffle(array) {
      var currentIndex = array.length
        , temporaryValue
        , randomIndex
        ;

      // While there remain elements to shuffle...
      while (0 !== currentIndex) {

        // Pick a remaining element...
        randomIndex   = Math.floor(Math.random() * currentIndex);
        currentIndex -= 1;

        // And swap it with the current element.
        temporaryValue      = array[currentIndex];
        array[currentIndex] = array[randomIndex];
        array[randomIndex]  = temporaryValue;
      }

      return array;
  }

  $(document).ready(function(){



     // use this https://github.com/marcuswestin/store.js
     // http://jsfiddle.net/hHLXr/12/
     // http://okta6.ideone.com/gfx2/js/ideone-index.js
     // http://html5demos.com/contenteditable
     var cached   = JSON.parse(window.localStorage.getItem('cached'));
     var shuffled = shuffle(cached.items);

     var selected = shuffled[0] || null;
     if(selected != null){

       var replace = $("<div/>", {'class':'file-editor', 'html': 'A. ', 'style': 'font-weight: bold;'});
       var link    = $('<a>', {
        'text': selected.title,
        'href': selected.href,
        'target': selected.target,
        'style': 'cursor: pointer;'
       });

       replace.append(link);

       $("#example").replaceWith(replace);
     }


  });
</script>

[^1]: Open Google Chrome and on the Url bar type `chrome://extensions`. Look
for `vesper-web.crx`. Get the file and then drop it on the Chrome extension
area. Press the `Add` button and you're done.
